[woman] What the hell is wrong
with these eggs?
[Father Pucchi] My Stand...
I haven't the vaguest idea
what it is,
but it's painfully clear
that it's no longer Pale Snake.
What is it? What could it be?
I feel terrible...
Something is quickly raging
out of control inside of me.
There's some kind of
independent power
that's ignoring my will.
But oddly,
I feel hope in this power.
Hope, in fact, is the one
and only thing I feel from it.
Dio's note recorded
in Jotaro's memories...
Perhaps that is what I need
to control this power, then.
The time and place...
North latitude,
28 degrees 24 minutes.
West longitude,
80 degrees 36 minutes.
Delightful. Heaven appears
to be there, after all,
and that place is
at Cape Canaveral Space Center,
to be precise.
[dramatic music]
At the beginning of everything,
there was gravity.
Even this round Earth of ours
was brought into reality
with gravity.
[Anastasia] No way!
[smashes]
[Ermes]
We're gonna keep falling!
We're not falling down,
we're falling backwards!
[Jolyne] No, this can't be! Is
this the priest's new ability?
-[belt clicks]
-[yelps]
[screams]
Jolyne! Here, you grab hold
of Emporio!
-[screams]
-[Jolyne grunts]
[Anastasia] Diver Drive!
[Ermes grunts]
[grunts]
Ermes!
[Father Pucchi] And with
its gravitational pull,
the Earth continues
to revolve around the Sun!
The question that
still remains is,
where on earth
am I headed now?
What is going to happen next?
I knew my old man sealed away
some sort of ability
in Egypt 20 years ago,
but this is insane!
This must be the "heaven" the
priest has been searching for!
Within my body and spirit
lies the existence of gravity,
and it shall also exist
at the end of the world!
There's our way
into the Visitor Center.
Jolyne, are you sure the priest
is still in this direction?
He's close, yeah.
I can sense him right here.
[menacing music]
It almost feels like he was
just standing in this spot.
[Emporio]
This is the priest's Stand?
Is it in a new form?
[theme music]
-[squelches]
-[Jolyne screams]
What's up with my hand?
[Stand] I've come
to eliminate you for good,
since you couldn't wait
two more days.
[grunts]
[Stand] Jolyne Cujoh!
-[splatters]
-[gasps]
My arm's turning inside out!
-Jolyne!
-Hey! Are you okay?
[Stand hisses]
Are you the friend who was
aiding Jolyne in prison?
Huh?
Go, Emporio! Hurry up and run
to where Anastasia is!
[grunting]
Stone Ocean!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Emporio yelps]
[Jolyne grunts nervously]
Jolyne, he circled behind you!
[Stand whirrs, zaps]
[Jolyne] Oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa!
[Stand grunts]
[Jolyne grunts]
[Anastasia gasps]
[Stand]
First order of business,
dispose of Jolyne Cujoh.
[Jolyne] Anastasia,
hurry up and come over here!
-[rips]
-[both gasp]
[thrilling music]
[cracking]
[Jolyne gasps]
[menacing music]
What in the world is this?
It's like your hair turned in
on itself, Jolyne.
And so did my cleats.
-[metal swishes]
-[both gasp]
[metal clunks]
It must be his attacks, like
from when his fist grazed us,
but it barely made contact.
So, if he punches us,
we'll be in big trouble.
Gravity, judging by everything
that's been happening
around us...
This probably has to do
with gravity too, Jolyne.
Whether it be an apple
or the planet itself,
everything on Earth
is affected by gravity,
and all of it is pulled towards
the Earth's
gravitational center!
That's the natural law
of the universe.
Except, this guy's ability
messes with that.
It makes the gravity
go in the opposite direction!
That's why whenever
his Stand's fists
make contact with something,
it'll be inverted!
And I don't know how far,
but with everything sideways,
we're gonna keep falling.
So this is it.
Thanks to the unique energy
around Cape Canaveral,
the priest has somehow
developed a new Stand.
It's no longer Pale Snake
which had the ability
to manipulate memories,
nor does it have the ability to
split itself in half infinitely
like the Green Baby.
[Anastasia] Jolyne,
he's coming back around!
I need you to jump
toward Anastasia.
-Now, Emporio!
-[shrieks]
[Anastasia grunts]
[metal creaks]
[smashes]
[Jolyne grunts]
[grunts]
[rapid whirrs]
[Jolyne] Oraa!
-[Stand gags]
-[Anastasia exclaims]
Wow, she did it!
-[thumps]
-[all gasp]
[Anastasia] Are you kidding me?
[cracking]
[Jolyne] It's inverting!
Jolyne!
[thuds]
No way, that's impossible!
[cracks, squelches]
[whines in panic]
[Jolyne] Don't panic, Emporio.
[both] Huh?
[Jolyne] You don't have
to get so upset.
If I get turned inside out
every time he hits me,
that just means I'll have
to let him hit me again
so that I can flip myself
back to normal.
So he can invert me
all he wants to...
'cause I'll just hit him
with the reverse!
[action music]
[blood splatters]
-[Stand hisses]
-[both gasp]
You're okay!
[Jolyne]
Oh, good freaking grief.
Gimme a break.
It does the job,
but I still have to sew my
wounds back up with my thread.
Although thanks to that,
there's one thing I'm sure of.
Lucky for us, as long as we can
hit him, he'll take damage.
But it's looking like I should
finish this guy off
right here and now!
[action choral music]
[Anastasia]
Ugh, I can't be babysitting.
Go, Emporio. Start climbing.
Make your way
up to that handrail.
I'm not here for you.
I'm here to make sure
my darling Jolyne
has backup if she needs it!
[Emporio] Yeah!
[hisses, snarls]
[Jolyne grunts]
[action music]
[Stand hisses]
[Jolyne strains]
[screams]
[metal creaks]
[gasps]
Jolyne, no!
[Stand] This ticket box
you're clinging onto
has already been turned
inside out.
[metal clanking]
-[metal whomps]
-[gasps, strains]
[menacing music]
[clanking]
[grunts, gasps]
What's up with his movements?
[Jolyne] Judging by its power,
I thought it'd be
an automated pursuit Stand,
but his attacks
are way too precise!
And he's not focused
on attacking
my arms or legs anymore,
like he knows it's useless.
So he's only pinpointing
my vital areas
like my face and chest,
knowing that if his fist
touched me there,
it'll be fatal!
Plus, he dodged my kick
and managed to get out
of the way by just millimeters!
Which means,
this is a remote control Stan!
[gasps]
The priest has to be
around here
watching with his own eyes.
In other words, his Stand's
movements are so accurate
because he's watching
every attack!
This guy's Stand
causes destruction
by manipulating gravity,
so it just seems
like he's powerful.
Where is he? I thought Pucchi
would be hiding far away,
but I get the sense that he's
a lot closer than I realized.
He's somewhere close by
with a clear view of the area!
[Anastasia] Diver Drive!
[Stand] Stay out of this.
[rumbling]
[grunts]
Anastasia!
[Stand] I already told you,
I'm here to dispose of Jolyne.
You are nothing.
[Anastasia screams]
Anastasia, Jolyne!
Stone Ocean!
[snarls]
[yelps]
[chokes]
Ah! No, Jolyne!
What the hell, Jolyne?
What are you doing?
Anastasia, I bet if you try,
you could probably jump
onto the tiles
on the side of the road.
But for right now, don't let go
of that rope, okay?
With your weight
tightening the rope,
his Stand's being held down
and getting the life
choked out of him.
And he doesn't have
the power to fight back.
He's completely defenseless!
[groaning]
Uh! No freaking way!
The Stand's desperately
trying to grab
onto Jolyne's rope
with his hands
before it gets choked to death!
If this thing manages to get a
hold of those threads of yours
with its hands, Jolyne,
the rope's gonna get inverted
and break away!
Get that rope off
of its neck, Jolyne.
Do it now!
This was a distraction.
I did it
so you can get away from him!
I can't, Anastasia.
There's no way
I'm running away from this now.
With this rope around its neck,
we finally have
a chance to end him!
And for the record, I'm not
actually trying to choke it.
I'm just trying to get closer
so I can pummel him
to the pavement!
What exactly
are you saying, Jolyne?
If he lays even a finger
on your thick rope,
and it ends up inverting
everything attached to it,
that means your entire arm
is gonna be
turned inside-out
and blown into pieces!
[grunting]
Son of a bitch!
Just you wait.
I'm gonna climb over there
right now to get you!
[Anastasia] Jolyne isn't
the type of person to give up,
even if we tell her to stop.
And this situation is crazy!
[grunts]
The hell!
If you're gonna go,
then do it quickly!
Hurry up and get your foot out
of that metal frame
before it's too late!
[screams] No, it grabbed
the rope already!
[rips]
[Jolyne]
Not yet, I still have time.
My thread can still hold out.
I won't cut it until I have to!
[radio buzzes]
[soldier 1]
This is Sigma Team reporting.
It's no use,
we can't advance any further.
Our vehicles
have been flipped over!
All our attempts
to head towards
the Visitor Center
have resulted in
our trucks being flipped!
[soldier 2]
What's going on?
What do you mean
"flipped over?"
Explain the situation!
It's like I told you.
They got flipped.
Some sort of force
is turning over our vehicles.
I have no idea why, sir.
We're gonna need a scholar or a
specialist to make sense of it.
[soldier 2]
Don't tell me you have no ide.
Rescuing the survivors
is our duty.
Now figure it out!
Yeah, but, sir...
we really don't know
what is happening.
The extent of damage done
and the number of casualties
or survivors are all unknown.
Debris is scattered everywhere.
What in the hell happened here?
It's as if a massive hammer
came down from the sky
and smashed everything to shit!
This road's been turned
into a junkyard!
[helicopters whirring]
[soldier 3] This is J-Hawk 9.
We're about
three kilometers away
from the Visitor Center,
and have eyes on.
We're moving in
to locate any survivors now.
[soldier 3 gasps]
Whoa, what is this?
Wh-Which way is up?
Mayday! Mayday!
[explosions]
[soldier 4] J-Hawk 9?
J-Hawk 9!
Report your status!
J-Hawk 6, respond!
[grunts]
[Emporio]
Sh-She does have a point.
This situation is our chance
to defeat the priest's Stand!
-[rope rips]
-But, maybe not.
It's too much of a risk!
Jolyne's arm is getting
closer and closer
to crumbling into pieces!
If you're gonna make your way
to him, then hurry!
Take your shot
and kill this bastard already!
[Jolyne strains]
Stone Ocean!
[thumps]
[creaks]
[gasps]
He's trying to turn
the frame inside out!
If he manages to do that,
he'll lift himself back up
and be free!
[Anastasia] Now, move on!
Hurry up and ram his ass!
[Emporio] There's no use.
He's already getting up!
[tiles creaking]
Now the Stand has flipped
the tiles over again too!
Oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa...
Now the Stand has flipped
the tiles over again too!
Oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa...
[thuds]
-[gasps]
-No, he grabbed onto it!
Stop, Jolyne! Get your thread
off of its neck right now!
You have to run away!
If you don't, your arm's
gonna get torn apart!
[rope rips]
Diver Drive!
[suspenseful music]
[blood splatters]
[Jolyne, Emporio gasp]
I went ahead and
took the liberty
of phasing Diver Drive
into the rope.
So, instead of the thread
being turned inside out
and Jolyne suffering
the consequences,
the responsibility of taking
that affliction falls to me.
Anastasia...
Just keep going, Jolyne.
As long as your rope is
tightly wrapped around
that son of a bitch's throat,
I'll make damn sure that
its body doesn't get up
for even a second!
-Anastasia!
-Do it! Finish this guy off!
-Now, Jolyne!
-Hmph.
[screams]
[clanking]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[Father Pucchi] I knew
I should have disposed of you
when I had the chance,
no matter what
it might have cost.
-[Jolyne gasps]
-Back at the very beginning,
when we met in the prison,
our Lord and Savior,
Jesus Christ
was fated to be crucified
on the cross.
Just as the Holy Mother Mary
was fated to lose her son.
In order for human beings
to attain happiness,
they must first overcome
their destiny.
And the obstacles Dio and I
must overcome
are you damn Joestars
and your bloodline.
Wait, it can't be...
The priest himself was here
the whole time?
The reason I have come
is to save my Stand from you
while it's still incomplete.
[grunts]
Oraa!
[distorted clanking]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[melancholic music]
What now?
Why... Why am I lifting
towards the sky?
My body
is the gravitational center.
From where my feet
are grounded,
gravity is pulled and reversed.
And the closer you get,
the stronger the pull becomes.
All I have to do now is wait
for my Stand
to become complete.
As it is, my ability
is still too weak.
It must finish its evolution.
[Jolyne grunts]
Anastasia, pull Jolyne down
with her rope!
[snarls]
I'm already trying!
[Stand chokes]
Listen closely, my Stand.
In order to turn them
inside out,
you must only hit them
one time.
I'll say it again,
only hit them one time.
Don't waste time targeting
places like her arms or legs.
[rips]
Only deal one punch
without exception.
[grunts]
[hisses]
[grumbles]
[Jolyne groans in pain]
[melancholic music]
All right, let's head back.
We'll continue waiting
in the Visitor Center.
[Jolyne breathing heavily]
[pained scream]
[both gasp]
[screaming continues]
[retches]
What the hell?
[Father Pucchi]
This battle is over.
Jolyne can no longer
feel any pain
or have the ability
to use cognitive functions.
Her heart has been turned
inside out.
The blood meant
for her brain
should also be flowing
in reverse.
Keep on pulling, Anastasia!
Hey, hurry up! Pull Jolyne's
body back down here!
[Anastasia grumbles]
[groans] Jolyne's threads
are pulling apart!
[body cracks]
[groans]
[tragic music]
[Anastasia whimpers]
No way...
No, it can't be!
[wails]
[Anastasia] Jolyne!
It will need a name.
I'll call this new ability
See Moon.
Invincibility.
Is that the power I've obtained
even before the coming
of the new moon?
However, I must keep on
telling myself
it is not power which I desire,
but rather, what I truly long
for is the ultimate happiness
that every human being
has the potential to achieve.
And Jolyne Cujoh was merely
a sacrificial pawn towards
that end.
The same goes for Weather
and the other prisoners
who valiantly gave their lives
to further
my righteous objective.
Their sacrifice was necessary.
[sobs]
No, there's just no way.
W-What do we do now?
J-Jolyne!
[sobs]
I can't believe that...
[wails]
It just isn't possible!
[tragic music]
[sobbing]
[phone rings in distance]
Huh?
What...
What's that sound?
[phone rings]
My phone! But how?
It wasn't working before.
I got a text message.
But, who is it from?
[beeps]
[male voice]
My calls aren't going through.
The gravitational anomaly seems
to have sent
a satellite out of orbit.
Are you Emporio?
I don't know exactly
what's going on,
but I can sense that
my daughter
and the priest have met.
Wait.
Could this text be from...
Could it be...
The person who sent this...
[Jotaro] Jolyne is alive.
But she's not safe.
Protect Jolyne.
Just until I arrive...
that's all I ask.
She must have discovered
how to counter his gravity.
That's the only way
she could have survived.
She's alive, but just barely.
Jotaro Kujo.
Yeah, it is Mr. Jotaro.
He must be close by.
I... I can't believe it.
Jolyne's actually still alive!
[gasps]
Then that means...
[Emporio sobs]
Could it be...?
Anastasia,
you gotta find Jolyne!
I think that Jolyne
is still alive!
For real?
Yeah, but that also means
that... that Pucchi knows.
Since he has the same ability
to sense her,
he's aware that
she's still alive too!
[Father Pucchi]
What's going on, Jolyne Cujoh?
Her heart should've been
turned inside out!
My gravitational power
should've destroyed it
completely!
[tense music]
How in the world
is she still alive?
What did she do?
I have to put an end to this.
The Joestar bloodline
is something I must overcome,
no matter what it takes!
Diver Drive!
[gurgling]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
Which way are you going?
Take a guess.
[Anastasia]
In order to protect Jolyne,
I'm gonna have to kill
that fucking priest!
[dramatic music]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]